The coyly cloudy arms were about to snow, but it wasn't snow, it was freezing, and then the rain tracked down.

It was a lucky day for Kim Cheom-ji, who works as a rickshaw puller in Dongsoomun, in a long time. After entering the door (though it's not just outside the door), he was looking at each person getting off the bus, wondering if there were any guests or not, and finally decided to drive a tailor who seemed to be a teacher to Donggwang School[3] after taking him to the street.

It was unusual in the morning breeze, thirty days before the first and fifty years before the second. Because he had good luck, Kim Cheom-ji, who couldn't even see the money for nearly ten days, was happy enough to shed tears on his palms, or ten cent of the money, or five cents. Moreover, I didn't know how useful this money of twenty-eight decades was to him at this time of the day. He could wet his crooked neck with a cup of rice wine and even buy his sick wife a bowl of seolleongtang.

His wife's cough is already over. He is starving, so of course, he has never used a single piece of medicine. It is useless to use it for a while, but he was faithful to his 條 that he keeps coming because it is fun to send medicine to a sick person. Therefore, it is impossible to know what kind of disease it is because it has never been shown to a doctor, but it seems that the seriousness is severe given that it is a new way to lie down. This is because he had an upset stomach after eating rice 10 days ago when the disease got worse.

At that time, Kim Cheom-ji got money for the first time in a long time and bought me a ten-year-old tree, and when he relied on Kim Cheom-ji's words, the five-year-old man boiled it in the southern rain with a 軸 of heaven and earth. He was in a hurry and couldn't reach the flames, so the old man stopped his spoon and grabbed it with his hands, as if someone would take it away so that his fist-like lumps on his cheeks would blow, but from that evening, his heart was pounding, his eyes opened and he said, "My stomach is pounding." At that time, Kim Cheom-ji became angry like a fire, and he became angry like a fire,

"Hey, old lady, I can't eat, I can't eat, I can't eat, I can't eat, I'm sick because I ate! Why can't you open your eyes!" said Kim Cheom-ji, who slapped the sick man's cheek once. Hop-shaped eyes were a little flat, but dew formed. Kim Cheom-ji's eyes were also warm.

This patient did not get bitten while eating. Three days ago, I begged my husband that I wanted to drink seolleongtang soup.

"You old man! You can't even eat breakfast. Seolleongtang is going to get sick again," he said, but he didn't feel good about not being able to buy it.

Inje, you can also buy Seolleongtang (Seolleongtang). You can also buy a dog poop (three-year-old) porridge because you are hungry next to your sick mother. Kim Cheom-ji felt poor with his 80-year-old hand. But his luck didn't stop there. It was time to come back from the school door, wiping the sweat and rain-watery necks with a Japanese-style towel. There is a sound of rickshaw in the background. Kim thought the person who called him and stopped was a student at the school, so he could guess once. The student asked, "How much does it cost to get to the Namdaemun Station?"

Perhaps he is going to use the same class vacation as he is in the dormitory of the school. Although he had decided to go today, he had no idea what to do because it was raining and he had luggage, and then he ran out when he saw Kim Cheom-ji. Otherwise, why would he drag him because he couldn't wear shoes, and even though he was a suit-loving slave, he chased Kim Cheom-ji in the rain.

"You mean the Namdaemun station?" Kim hesitated for a moment. Didn't he want to plod down the road without a cowboy? Was he satisfied with the first one and the second one? No, never. Strangely enough, with his tail wagging, Dumbi was a little bit scared before this good fortune. And my wife's request to leave the house touched my heart. My sick man, who would have been calling from my previous home, had his face full of bones and a mournful glow in his eyes like the only living creature on his face, saying, "Don't go out today. I'm staying home because of you, please. I'm sick like this……He murmured like a mosquito and gurgled his breath.

At the time, Kim Cheom-ji seemed insignificant, saying, "Apda, hell, you're talking about everything. If you sit down with each other, who will feed you?" and when he was about to jump out, the patient shook his arm as if to hold on to it, and said, "Don't go out, then come in early," followed by the voice of his voice.

His twitchy hands, exceptionally large eyes, and his crying wife's face grew up in front of Kim Cheom-ji's eyes at the moment he heard the words that went all the way to the station. "Yes, how much is it to Namdaemun Station?" the student looks at the rickshaw puller's face nervously and mutters to himself, "Incheon tea is at eleven points, then two new points."

"Give me fifty cents a day," Kim Cheom-ji said without realizing it. I called it myself, but I was surprised by the enormous amount of money. How long has it been since I've seen such an amount at once! Then, the courage to make money saved my concern for the sick. I wondered what would happen today. No matter what, I said I couldn't miss this luck, which is more doubled than multiplied by Jay's luck.

The student snooped his head saying, "Fifty won is too much."

"No, you won't. There is more than a duck here. You should give me more on a losing day like this," said Chabu, who smiled round and round with joy.

"Then I'll give you what you want, so go quickly." The generous young customer left such a comment and went to get dressed and packed.

Kim Cheom-ji's legs were strange. It was almost better than sweet.